*2023-12-28*
[Previous Day](Daily%20Notes/Day%2018-6)

# Shower Thoughts
I had a lot of ideas while in the shower.
## Intro
The goal of the game, to acquire a trinket lays in front of you and only a black screen behind it. Both fade out to leave a temple with a carving of the trinket in the same place of the trinket. Light on both sides of the carving emanates from behind prompting the player to travel out in that direction.
## Comedy
When a player is first introduced to an enemy, we can show a quick one frame closeup cut of them along with a silly flavor text.
- Slime: "Woke up at 5 am to be here"
- Little Slime: "Wants to grow up"

I also want a bit where there is big signs pointing to an evil lair and have some enemies in the corner lost looking for it.
Perhaps the signs could look hand drawn by children and inside is a bunch of little slimes.
## Bosses
### Solo Adventurer
An adventurer, also looking for the prime trinket, who is more experienced than you, battles you to remove competition
### Rival Squad
A squad of adventurers, the same amount of players as playing or two if only one is playing, attacks you to remove competition
### Potential Final Boss
After picking up the prime trinket, the final boss, potentially a large demon shows up and attacks you, allowing all of you to utilize the prime trinket.
### Prime Trinket
Perhaps the prime trinkets splits up between players. Maybe even multiple prime trinkets are possible per run.
### Potential Hard Final Boss
Maybe if you pick the hard difficulty, the same previous final boss shows up, but then another larger final boss comes and kills him in one blow. You now have to fight this stronger boss.
## Exploration
As you move between biomes, you are exploring and travelling across a world. This is different from crawling through a dungeon.

# Progress
Today I did refactoring of all of the code. The networking is now very nice to use. I also converted the player to completely work with the state machine. It is now time to start working on the features that will distinguish the pre alpha from the alpha.